Project Meeting - 02/11/18
**************************

- Feedback given on project proposals
- Common areas for improvement were quality of referencing
	- Dan: Good technical detail, need to improve style
	- Josh: Good writing style, need to improve detail
- Further along project it would be worth writing mini reports to practise referencing
- Discussed some work on HBM examples, including correlation plots and transformation into log space (where correlation doesn't form a 'circle'.
- Guy to send us reports by Victor Silva-Aguire and Casegrande (on helium ionisation???)

Next meeting: Monday 5/11/18 15:00
