Project Meeting - 30/10/18
**************************

- went over some questions about proposals (feedback next meeting)
- went through HBM examples
- create own example (Halloween/monster theme)
- approx 12 hours work per week
- speak to David Stops about access to physics west ASR and install stan
- more commits to repo (theory, proposals, examples

Next meeting: Monday 5/11/18 15:00
